release v5.0.21 (#10236)
emqx/emqx: changes/v5.0.21.en.md

# v5.0.21

## Enhancements

- [#10022](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10022) Start releasing Rocky Linux 9 (compatible with Enterprise Linux 9) and MacOS 12 packages

- [#10139](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10139) Add `extraVolumeMounts` to EMQX Helm Chart, it will have the ability to mount the user-own files into the EMQX instance, for example, ACL rule files as mentioned in [#9052](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/issues/9052)

  Done of [#10116](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/issues/10116)

- [#9893](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9893) When connecting with the flag `clean_start=false`, EMQX will filter out messages that published by banned clients.
  Previously, the messages sent by banned clients may still be delivered to subscribers in this scenario.

- [#9986](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9986) For helm charts, add MQTT ingress bridge; and removed stale `mgmt` references.

> - [#10123](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10123) Improve the performance of `/bridegs` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#10123](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10123) Improve the performance of `/bridges` API.
```

  After this fix, the joining node will copy all the necessary plugins from other nodes.

- [#10118](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10118) Fix problems related to manual joining of EMQX replicant nodes to the cluster.
  Previously, after manually executing joining and then leaving the cluster, the `replicant` node can only run normally after restarting the node after joining the cluster again.

  [Mria PR](https://github.com/emqx/mria/pull/128)

- [#10119](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10119) Fix crash when `statsd.server` is set to an empty string.

- [#10124](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10124) The default heartbeat period for MongoDB has been increased to reduce the risk of too excessive logging to the MongoDB log file.

- [#10130](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10130) Fix garbled config display in dashboard when the value is originally from environment variables.
  For example, `env EMQX_STATSD__SERVER='127.0.0.1:8124' . /bin/emqx start` results in unreadable string (not '127.0.0.1:8124') displayed in Dashboard's Statsd settings page.
  Related PR: [HOCON#234](https://github.com/emqx/hocon/pull/234).

> - [#10132](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10132) Fix some error logs generated by `systemctl stop emqx` command. The command havn't stopping jq, os_mon application properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#10132](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10132) Fix some error logs generated by `systemctl stop emqx` command. The command was not stopping jq and os_mon applications properly.
```
